Oh Chuck Rachel the cute doctors are
here okay hi Jeffrey hi ah here we
brought wine this it's from the cellars
of Ernest and Tova Borgnine so is it
uh-huh some Monica has the ankle it's up
well why don't you tell them after all
that is your ankle yeah you know it's
feeling a lot better thank you
um listen why don't you guys sit down
and and we'll get you some glasses okay
okay
stat
okay listen I'm thinking why don't we
just tell them who we really are
I mean it'll be fine I really think
it'll be fine not be fine we'll get in
trouble
Oh would you stop being such a wuss a
wuss
excuse me for living in the real world
okay so so they still seem normal that's
because they are okay but you have to
admit that every time I go out women we
meet at the hospital turns you relax
take a look around
no pagan altars Oh piles of bones in the
corner fine I like this I said we are
not going to do it okay sometimes you
can be such a big baby baby every year
they bring it up West what you know what
what you know what what every day you
are becoming more and more like your
mother Hey Hey
this is a great place how long have you
lived here Thanks I've been here about
six years and Rachel moved in a few
months ago see I was supposed to get
married but um I left the guy at the
altar
real yeah yeah you know I know it's
pretty selfish but hey that's me why
don't you try the hummus
huh so Monica what do you do uh I am a
chef at a restaurant uptown oh good for
you yeah it is mostly because I get to
boss people around which I just love to
do well is hummus is great
god bless a chickpea
that's it have I mentioned that back in
high school I was a cow I used to wet my
bed I used my breasts to get other
people's attention
we both do that
Monica and Rachel's apartment but uh
just one second Oh Rachel it's your dad
hi dad
no no it's me listen dad I can't talk
right now um but there's something um
there's something that I've been meaning
to tell you just give me four second
here
well Billy dressed and I had sex on your
bed
daddy daddy daddy why why would I sleep
with Billy Dreskin his father tried to
put you out of business
he's got the remote again good ready he
can switch it back maybe not yeah um
yeah uh okay uh hold on a second let me
let me just check he see if she if she's
here it's the woman from the hospital
admissions office she said there's a
problem with the form oh god oh god oh
god what do we do we find out what they
want find out what it wants okay okay no
you do it
hello this is Monica yeah oh okay
yes well great we'll be right down thank
you what we forgot to sign one of the
admissions forms oh okay you're right
you're right this was just not worth it
thank you okay let me just change